I socialize outside of work. That's interesting. You do want to socialize
with your wardrobe. I've always found that because you are one ship,
one team won't wardroom my father's record recollections. My 30
year tour are the four ships, and we won't go up. We had a lot of parties
back in the day, and also we would underway in a port way would
on a pretty much with the warder, You're really tight with your wardrobe
Now. There would be official ship's functions where you know
the division that party way would have division Christmas parties on
the bigger ships. You have multiple parties. There are departments
get together. So I don't know, too. I will say 11 thing. No one really
likes having to go to a party of being elected to go to a party.
So if I was the senior officer at the parties, I would arrive first,
arrive on time scheduled time. But I'd also be first and what the
crew party. So it's about that you never want to be seen with dictatorial.
They work for you during the day, you know, let them have their
time off, and so that's a delicate balance that you have to farm